packages/bob-tsm/README.md, before:

# bob-tsm

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bob-tsm)](https://npm.im/bob-tsm)

Package inspired on https://github.com/lukeed/tsm with extra features and support for watch mode and with extra fixes to follow the new [TypeScript 4.5 extensions](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-5-beta/#new-file-extensions) `.mts`=>`ESM` and `.cts`=>`CommonJS`.

## Install

```sh
pnpm add -D bob-tsm esbuild
```

```sh
yarn add -D bob-tsm esbuild
```

```sh
npm install -D bob-tsm esbuild
```

## Usage

All the arguments that are not part of `bob-tsm` are passed directly to the `node` executable.

````
Usage: bob-tsm [options] [node arguments...]

Options:
  -V, --version                     output the version number
  --tsmconfig <config>              Configuration file path (default: "tsm.js")
  --watch <patterns...>             Enable & specify watch mode
  --ignore <patterns...>            Ignore watch patterns
  --node-env,--node_env <NODE_ENV>  Automatically add the specified option as NODE_ENV environment variable, "prod" is an alias
                                    for "production" and "dev" is an alias for "development" (choices: "production", "prod",
                                    "development", "dev", "test")
  -q, --quiet
  --cjs                             Use CommonJS instead of ESM for ".ts" files. You still can use ".mts" to force ESM in
                                    specific typescript files.
  -h, --help                        display help for command```
````

Commit message:

create --paths option to enable tsconfig paths

packages/bob-tsm/README.md, after:

# bob-tsm

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bob-tsm)](https://npm.im/bob-tsm)

Package inspired on https://github.com/lukeed/tsm with extra features and support for watch mode and with extra fixes to follow the new [TypeScript 4.5 extensions](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-5-beta/#new-file-extensions) `.mts`=>`ESM` and `.cts`=>`CommonJS`.

## Install

```sh
pnpm add -D bob-tsm esbuild
```

```sh
yarn add -D bob-tsm esbuild
```

```sh
npm install -D bob-tsm esbuild
```

## Usage

All the arguments that are not part of `bob-tsm` are passed directly to the `node` executable.

```
Usage: bob-tsm [options] [node arguments...]

Options:
  -V, --version                     output the version number
  --tsmconfig <config>              Configuration file path (default: "tsm.js")
  --watch <patterns...>             Enable & specify watch mode
  --ignore <patterns...>            Ignore watch patterns
  --node-env,--node_env <NODE_ENV>  Automatically add the specified option as NODE_ENV environment variable, "prod" is an alias
                                    for "production" and "dev" is an alias for "development" (choices: "production", "prod",
                                    "development", "dev", "test")
  -q, --quiet
  --cjs                             Use CommonJS instead of ESM for ".ts" files. You still can use ".mts" to force ESM in
                                    specific typescript files.
  --paths                           Use tsconfig paths resolver. It only works as a fallback of the default path resolving and
                                    you can use the environment variable TS_NODE_PROJECT to customize the tsconfig.json to use.
  -h, --help                        display help for command
```
